>> Brian Holt: So
down here we're gonna say npm install -D
eslint eslint-config-prettier like that.
This is going to install two
different things for us.
It's gonna obviously eslint,
which is a code linter.
Let's talk about what the difference
between prettier and eslint now.
Because people kind of confuse the two and
understandably so, there's overlap.
Prettier is purely concerned
with is there a space here?
Is there return here?
How does this file star,
it's very mechanical, right?
It's very much, how is this formatted, but
it doesn't care about what
the code actually does, right?
So it doesn't look like
does this variable exist?
Does this you know,
are we using the wrong method here?
Are we using old JavaScript here?
As long as it parses like
prettier doesn't care.
Eslint is much more concerned with style,
right.
It's concerned with what
methods are you using?
You know, accessibility friendly, right?
It can check kind of those things.
Does that make sense?
So you can have eslint check
some of the mechanical stuff.
But it doesn't have the power that
prettier does for that kind of stuff.
So that's why we're going to
install the prettier config,
to basically say hey eslint.
That stuff that you sometimes
worry about like spacing,
don't worry about it because
prettier has it, right?
So install both of those.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
now we have both of these.
Eslint-config prettier, eslint, and
now we're going to go
create A eslint-rc as well.
So make a new file, save it.
And call this .eslint-c.Json.
>> Brian Holt: They require
you give it the extension,
whereas .prettierrc does not.
Because you can also configure this in
YAML, as well as in JavaScript as well.
But we're gonna do the JSON
way of doing it right now.
>> Brian Holt: And yes, I use a period.
Did you have a question?
>> Speaker 2: When I ran
the command in the terminal,
it created a new file called package walk,
is that JSON?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, it should do that.
All right, so
let's let's just address that briefly.
If I go back over here, it created
a new file here called package Lock.
So package lock is a lock file.
[LAUGH] So what it actually does is
when you deploy your code to production,
it's actually locked down the versions.
If you look at this you can see
that it has integrity checks, and
like where to download it from and
what version it's on and stuff like that.
And you want it to have this,
because now I can install exactly
the correct versions in productions.
So, what I'm running in my computer,
is exactly what's running on production.
So, the way that you do that when
you're running in production,
don't do this on your local computer,
but if I do it npm, oops, npm ci.
It'll actually use the package lock and
sort of package of JSON to install
exactly the correct version, right?
Whereas if you do NPM install see
if I got a package of JSON here.
Let's say you know next week
they release 1.17.1, right?
If my file looks like this.
It'll actually install at 1.17.1.
Reason being it's because
that's a patch version, so
it should be compatible, right?
Does that make sense?
Whereas if I do MPMCI, it'll actually
install exactly the versions I was using.
So it'll still install MPM 1.17.0.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
Thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
Yep, it's the same thing
as a Yarn log file.
The packaged log and Yarn log accomplish,
as far as I know, exactly the same thing.